cancer stage group (#148)
HL7/fhir-mCODE-ig: input/pagecontent/group-disease.md

Under the [Fair Use doctrine](https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/more-info.html), the IG includes examples illustrating mCODE's representation of cancer diagnoses and AJCC staging values for the purposes of technical implementation guidance to FHIR developers.

### Representing non-TNM Staging Information

> Not all cancer types are staged with a TNM-based staging system. Hematological cancers like leukemias, multiple myeloma, and some lymphomas.  Some specialized solid tumors like gynecologic tumors are staged using the FIGO (International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics) staging system. Staging systems in this category include Rai, Binet, Cottswold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all cancer types are staged with a TNM-based staging system, including hematological cancers like leukemias, multiple myeloma, and some lymphomas. Some specialized solid tumors like gynecologic tumors are staged using the FIGO (International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics) staging system. Other non-TNM staging systems include Rai, Binet, and Cottswold.
```

Related to the non-TNM staging systems list, this is what's in the value set:

```
* NCIT#C141138 "Ann Arbor Stage"
* NCIT#C141212 "Binet Stage"
* NCIT#C125738 "FIGO Stage"
* NCIT#C141147 "Lugano Stage"
```

Should Rai and Cottswold be added?

Reviewer 2: May, please do that if there are NCI codes available.

> Support for non-TNM staging systems in mCODE is limited to [CancerStageGroup]. Use NCI thesaurus codes for specifying cancer staging systems which do not have an equivalent  SNOMED code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for non-TNM staging systems in mCODE is limited to [CancerStageGroup]. Use NCI thesaurus codes for specifying cancer staging systems which do not have an equivalent SNOMED code. 
```

> Prognostic factors related to the cancer stage group can be specified with the Observation._derivedFrom_ element. For example, a hemoglobin lab result which was evaluated in the  staging of chronic lymphocytic leukemia using the Binet staging system can be referenced under Observation.derivedFrom element. The mCODE example [`binet-stage-group-A`](Observation-binet-stage-group-A.html) illustrates how this could be represented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prognostic factors related to the cancer stage group can be specified with the `Observation.derivedFrom` element. For example, a hemoglobin lab result which was evaluated in the  staging of chronic lymphocytic leukemia using the Binet staging system can be referenced under `Observation.derivedFrom` element. [This example](Observation-binet-stage-group-A.html) illustrates how this could be represented.
```
